
"A Little Bit About Me"

My name is Neil Zanella, I was born to an Italian father from Belluno, Italy and a Maltese mother from San Ġwann, Malta. Ever since I was young my parents have always stressed the importance of being well-rounded in all fields of knowledge with particular emphasis on bilingual proficiency and multilingual competence, on being well-trained in all areas of logical and verbal reasoning, and on being able to understand and make use of scientific expertise.
Perhaps the best way to master more than one language at the same time is to start as young as possible and make sure you spend enough years practicing each with people in those places where such languages are spoken. This is exactly how I gained bilingual proficiency in both Italian and English: I started attending receiving education in Italian and speaking Italian in Italy while also practicing English during my summer visits to Malta, then spent four years at an international school in Malta where a wide-range of subjects was taught in English including literature, history, biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and other languages, and then spent fifeen years in English-speaking countries, mostly Canada, where I was able to pursue a Bachelor's Degree in mathematics and computer science and then a Master's in mathematics using English as the language of instruction. After working mainly as a computer programmer, I then returned to Italy to continue my career as a professional translator. This way, I was able to develop full bilingual proficiency while also building competencies in scientific areas. As it turns out, a good mastery of English is also important in staying up-to-date with bleeding-edge technological advancements and online documentation in the world of software development, thus making my experiences doubly valuable.

---

?For the full set of competencies please see my profile on LinkedIn.

---

"About Our Services"

Our translation and proofreading services are based on 10 years of experience in the translation industry.
We offer an unrivaled combination of competitively priced, high quality translations.

Areas of Expertese:

- 
