
Neil Glen Zanella Language Translation and IT Services

... throughout Italian school whenever it came to English classes Neil would always be way ahead of other children in his classes (and the same was also true of other language courses he ended up taking later on in his life),
Neil Glen Zanella was born to an Italian father from Belluno and a Maltese mother grom San Gwann. As a result of this Neil had an early start at speaking both Italian and English with his parents, family, and friends. In school Neil never had to study English and was better than all other kids. As a teenager, Neil went on to study a variety of subjects with English being used as the language of instruction and where Neil had to master the language in order to take various subjects including history, literature, mathematics, chemistry, physics, biology, and languages such as French and Spanish which had to be translated back and forth to English. At such school Neil had to compete with kids most of whom had been speaking and receiving instruction in English as their mother tongue. As a result of all this practice, neil scored well on his SAT in the mathematical section and even better in the language section, and, at the age of seventeen when Neil attended univeristy in Canada his English was so undistinguishable from that of other native speakers that everyone thought of him as a native. At university, Neil took some language and literature classes, but, as a result of finding these subjects easy decided to focus on the sciences with particular focus on mathematics, statistics, and computer science. After graduation, Neil worked mainly as a computer programmer while at the same time engaging in his spare time in intellectual activities such as reading and understanding other subjects such as statistics, finance, economics, engineering, medicine with particular focus on the brain, intellectual property, and thus at the same time becoming more than fluent in the language adopted by such disciplens while also maintaining a continued interest in other subjects / while also refining his knowledge of Chinese and Maltese. Then Neil decided to return to Italy where he decided to switch his main focus from programming to language translation from Italian to English given his advanced mastery of both languages.
